1)foundation:
Broadly speaking, a foundation is a nonprofit corporation or a charitable trust that makes grants to organizations, institutions, or individuals for charitable purposes such as science, education, culture, and religion. There are two foundation types: private foundations and grantmaking public charities.

2)blush:
blush or blusher, is a cosmetic for coloring the cheeks in a variety of shades, or the lips red. It is applied as a powder or cream.

3)eye liner:
Eyeliners are products that apply color to the area around the eyes to accent and highlight appearance of the eyes. Eyeliners are used to emphasize the eyelids and/or to change the perceived shape of the eyes. They contain special ingredients that apply color where it is needed in a precise and controlled manner.

4)mascara:
a cosmetic substance for darkening, lengthening, curling, coloring, and thickening the eyelashes, applied with a brush or rod." The Oxford English Dictionary (OED) adds that mascara is occasionally used on the eyebrows as well.

5)primer:
Primers are the photoshop of the makeup world. They're used underneath eyeshadow, foundation, tinted moisturizer, and mascara to create a smoothing effect that enhances makeup coverage and helps your makeup stay on longer


6)eyeshadow:
Eye shadow (or eyeshadow) is a cosmetic applied primarily to the eyelids to attract attention to the wearer's eyes, making them stand out or look more attractive. Eye shadow can also be applied under the eyes, on the cheeks, or to brow bones.

7)lipstick:
Most lipstick is a waxy, slightly creamy substance in a stick that's tinted with red pigment that colors your lips. It's a cosmetic that dates back at least to medieval times, and probably even farther back than that.

8)facepowder:
Face powder is a cosmetic product applied to the face to serve different functions, typically to beautify the face. Originating from ancient Egypt, face powder has had different social uses across cultures and in modern times, it is typically used to set makeup, brighten the skin and contour the face.
